Add release policy (#362)
CliMA/ClimaTimeSteppers.jl: release_policy.md

# Release policy

ClimaTimesteppers.jl is a core component to the CliMA ecosystem, and can have

> a significant impact on user since most experiments and examples relies on this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a significant impact on users since most experiments and examples rely on this
```

infrastructure.

As such, we decided to enforce a release policy:

Before making breaking releases, a stable patch release must be exercised by
user repos and without new issues for at lease one week.

> This will help users to avoid issues when updates, and developers to avoid the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will help users to avoid issues when making updates, and developers to avoid the
```
